fix: resolved border collapse issue #1626 when border variants are mixed in button group (#1637)
nextui-org/nextui: .changeset/chilly-trainers-type.md

---
"@nextui-org/button": patch
"@nextui-org/theme": patch
---

> Fix #1626 The radius now works, and the border is displayed correctly in the buttonGroup.

Reviewer: Can you describe the change more precisely, "now works" does not tell me anything?

Author: sorry, @jguddas  can you check this again? thank you.

> Fix #1626 The 'radius' will be changed based on the ButtonGroup props. However, the 'border-left' is obscured by 'margin-left ml-[calc(theme(borderWidth.medium)*-1)]', and the border is not covered by its neighbor when the button is set to variant='bordered' in the ButtonGroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for setting `variant` on `Button` element inside `ButtonGroup` to `"bordered"`.
Resolves #1626

The 'radius' will be changed based on the ButtonGroup props. However, the 'border-left' is obscured by 'margin-left ml-[calc(theme(borderWidth.medium)*-1)]', and the border is not covered by its neighbor when the button is set to variant='bordered' in the ButtonGroup.
```
